Changed the requested documentation updates (#50)
argoapp-live/argo-docs: versioned_docs/version-3.0.0-beta/organization/personal-accounts.md

---
id: personal accounts
title: Personal Accounts
sidebar_label: Personal Accounts
slug: /organization/personal-accounts
---

> ## Personal Accounts

Reviewer: I think this should be a completely separate section from the organization. It doesn't belong to the organization at all. 

This section should contain 2 pages for now - 
- Overview
- Login Connection

Later we will be API token in this section as well when the feature is built

Author: Added to the new section

Reviewer: I don't see those changes, also rename the files to
- `Overview.md` -> `overview.md`
- `Login-Connection.md` -> `login-connection.md`

Reviewer: Also I don't see the overview page at all, something is wrong, please check

When you create a new account with Spheron, you are creating a Personal Account. A Personal Account is your own, individual account, registered with the Spheron platform and can be upgraded and can act as an admin account for your organization. 

> ## Understanding the Personal Account and Pro Plan 

Reviewer: We don't do this. Though we have a personal account, we create a particular organization that works like any other. It's a bit different from Vercel as vercel enforces personal accounts as a completely different organization.

So there is no problem with users who wants to upgrade to Pro plan for their organization created when they joined Spheron

> ## Understanding the Personal Account and Pro Plan 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Understanding the Default Organization and Pro Plan 
```

> Your Personal Account always exists on the Starter plan and is ideal for personal projects. While you can collaborate with others via pull requests on your repository, you cannot invite others to collaborate on a Team project with a Starter Plan Account. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create a new account with Spheron, you will be given an Organization by default where you can import projects. The organization exists on the Starter plan. This organization acts the same as any other organization, and you can upgrade it to Pro to invite your team member to collaborate on your project.
```

Author: Edited this

<img src={require('@site/static/img/3.0.0/personalaccounts-organization.png').default} />

> ## Upgrading to a pro plan 

Reviewer: Remove this part as we don't have option to transfer project from one organisation to other

Choosing to upgrade to a Pro plan and enable you to collaborate on Projects. When you create a Team, you will want to transfer any Projects you wish to collaborate on from your Personal Account to the Team.

<img src={require('@site/static/img/3.0.0/personalaccounts-plan.png').default} />

## Login methods
You can log into your Personal Account using the following methods:

- GitHub
- GitLab

> - Bitbucket

Reviewer: Add this too

For more information on how to login to your Personal Account, please see [Login Connections].

Author: Made a new section for it and added login connections
